Release 5.0.0 (#188)
voxpupuli/rspec-puppet-facts: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [5.0.0](https://github.com/voxpupuli/rspec-puppet-facts/tree/5.0.0) (2024-06-26)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/voxpupuli/rspec-puppet-facts/compare/4.0.0...5.0.0)

> for a long long time, the first level of keys in a factsets were symbols. Following nested hashes always had strings. This doesn't make sense and looks confusing. Also the original data contains only strings, we we actually iterated on the data and converted it to symbols. We now flip the default. This saves performance and makes code more readable. This major release also switched to FacterDB 3, which doesn't contain [legacy facts](https://www.puppet.com/docs/puppet/7/core_facts.html) nor factset for EoL operating systems or EoL facter versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a long long time, the first level of keys in a factsets were symbols. This was fine before there were structured facts, but structured facts ended up as nested hashes that always had strings. This doesn't make sense and easy to get wrong. The original data contains only strings so conversion actually cost performance.

We now flip the default to increase performance, make code more readable and remove some footguns. This major release also switched to FacterDB 3, which doesn't contain [legacy facts](https://www.puppet.com/docs/puppet/7/core_facts.html) nor factset for EoL operating systems or EoL facter versions.
```
